[Kogito-7779] Produce a BASE Kogito Serverless Workflow Builder Image (#1329)
kiegroup/kogito-images: README.md

The Kogito Builder Images are responsible for building the project with Apache Maven and generating the binary that will 
be used by the Kogito Runtime images to run the Kogito application.

> There are four builder images available:

Reviewer: three, right?

> There are four builder images available:

Author: three

The Kogito Builder Images are responsible for building the project with Apache Maven and generating the binary that will 
be used by the Kogito Runtime images to run the Kogito application.

> The current available Kogito Builder images are three, the legacy kogito-builder based on Maven and Quarkus, now called kogito-s2i-builder:

Reviewer: There are three builder images avilable.

Author: ok

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-s2i-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-s2i-builder)

> and the legacy builder based on s2i

Author: Re-organized

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-base-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-base-builder)

The Kogito base Builder Image is equipped with the following components:

* OpenJDK 11.0.6
* Maven 3.8.6

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-quarkus-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-quarkus-builder)

The Kogito Quarkus Builder Image is equipped with the following components:

* OpenJDK 11.0.6
* Maven 3.8.6

> * Quarkus and m2 repo with dependencies needed by quarkus

Reviewer: Quarkus and Kogito default dependencies for faster builds

Author: ok

The Kogito s2i builder image supports building applications based on Spring Boot and Quarkus. To define your runtime, specify the `RUNTIME_TYPE` environment variable. If var is not defined, it defaults to `quarkus`.
When `RUNTIME_TYPE` quarkus is chosen, the Builder Image allows you to create a native image using GraalVM, which allows you to have lightweight and fast applications ready to run in the Cloud.

> The Kogito S2i Builder Image is equipped with the following components:

Reviewer: s2i

Author: ok

The Kogito Builder Images are responsible for building the project with Apache Maven and generating the binary that will 
be used by the Kogito Runtime images to run the Kogito application.

There are three builder images available, the Kogito base builder, the Kogito Quarkus builder and the legacy kogito-builder based on Maven and Quarkus and GraalVM and s2i, now called kogito-s2i-builder,

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-base-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-base-builder)

The Kogito base Builder Image is equipped with the following components:

* OpenJDK 11.0.6
* Maven 3.8.6

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-quarkus-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-quarkus-builder)

The Kogito Quarkus Builder Image extends the kogito-base-builder is equipped with the following components:

> * Quarkus and quarkus-kubernetes dependencies for faster builds

Author: Quarkus builder removed

* [quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-swf-builder](https://quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-swf-builder)

The Kogito SWF Builder Image extends the kogito-quarkus-builder is equipped with the following components:

> * Quarkus and kogito-quarkus-serverless-workflow, kogito-addons-quarkus-knative-eventing  dependencies for faster builds

Author: applied

The Kogito Builder Images are responsible for building the project with Apache Maven and generating the binary that will 
be used by the Kogito Runtime images to run the Kogito application.

> The current available Kogito Builder images are two, the legacy kogito-builder based on Maven and Quarkus:

Reviewer 2: To avoid any confusion and replacement, I think we should just deprecate the `kogito-builder` image and use new names to differentiate them:
- `kogito-s2i-builder` which would be the legacy s2i builder
- `kogito-builder-base` which would be the new base builder
- `kogito-builder-swf-base` which would be the swf base builder

wdyt ?
cc @spolti @ricardozanini

Reviewer 3: The `kogito-builder-swf-base` should be `kogito-builder-quarkus-base` since it relies on quarkus CLI to create the project. And since the extensions are parameterized, not sure if we need to use the `swf` prefix. wdyt?

Reviewer 2: oki

Reviewer: `kogito-builder-quarkus-base` sounds good to me.

Reviewer 3: Or `kogito-quarkus-builder-base`, whatever works best for u.

Reviewer: what about just `kogito-quarkus-builder`?
base-builder and quarkus-base-builder is a little bit confusing.

Reviewer 2: indeed. would be good to me then with `kogito-quarkus-builder`

Author: Ok for 
- kogito-s2i-builder
- kogito-base-builder
- kogito-quarkus-builder

For more information about what is installed on this image, take a look [here](kogito-s2i-builder-overrides.yaml) in the
**modules.install** section. 

#### Kogito swf Builder Image usage

The main purpose is the use in the Kogito Serverless operator as a builder

```bash

> FROM quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-swf-builder:2.0 AS builder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FROM quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-swf-builder:latest AS builder
```

> FROM quay.io/mdessi/kogito-swf-builder:latest AS builder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FROM quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-swf-builder:latest AS builder
```

# Kogito User

> USER 1001

Reviewer 2: Please set this example as the one in `tests/test-apps/swf-builder/Dockerfile`

Author: Done
